The tournament was created in collaboration with Zero Empire in a double-elimination format. Unfortunately, all matches were Bo1.


Teams squads:
- Polacy Rodacy: maly_misiek, Fra3bss, Demonic.
- Zero Empire: Razer, BMarcy, Eciiaxxqtlw.
- Explosive Eagles: Fanto, ShadowErik, Puma.


The first match (Winners Semifinals) was between Zero Empire and GONA ESPORTS. The match was played quickly on Bounty on the Hideout map, with a quick 2-0 victory.


The second match (Winners Semifinals) pitted Explosive Eagles against Poles Rodacy. The team had internet problems and didn't show up. Eagles won the match.


The third match (Winners Finals) was between the winners of matches 1 and 2. The teams played Brawl Ball on the Sunny Soccer map. The game was fierce. Explosive Eagles won the first game, but Zero Empire caught up and won 2-1.


The fourth match (Losers Semifinals) was between the losers of matches 1 and 2. The match was cancelled because GONA ESPORT was not ready for the match.


The fifth match (Losers Finals) featured the winners of match 4 (Polacy Rodacy) and the losers of match 3 (Explosive Eagles). PR outclassed their opponents 2-0 in Brawl Ball and on the Sunny Soccer map.


Polacy Rodacy once again outclassed match 6 (Grand Finals) against the winners of match 3, Zero Empire in Bounty on the Dry Season map, by a score of 2-0. Since Zero Empire lost as the winner of the Winners bracket, the final was reset.


In match 7 (Grand Finals), the tables were turned, this time with Zero Empire winning Brawl Ball 2-0 on the Sunny Soccer map. This earned them first place.


The good news for PR is that we finished second, dominating the lower bracket. An incredible result.